you awake to the sound of the wind and rustling leaves outside.
the last rays of light are coming through the window - soon it will be dark.
the last embers in the fireplace simmer out, and you begin to shiver.
alone in the house in the woods, for how long? you can't remember.
a soft voice whispers to you:

what will you do now?

[1] stay inside. ___ [2] venture out.


you decide to stay in. after all, why the hell would you want to go back out there?
you rub your hands together in vain, as if trying to start a spark.
you remember the weary old blanket in the cupboard and throw it over yourself. a small improvement.
the gust outside picks up - a branch snaps somewhere in the distance, falling into a murky blanket of leaves.
suddenly, as if you imagined it, a knock comes at the door. you remain absolutely still.
the voice returns:

what will you do now?

[1] lock the door. ____ [2] open the door.


you lock the door. god knows what's lurking out there.
reeling, you back yourself into the corner of the tiny room and pull closed the curtains of the single, small window.
you sink to the floorboards and put your head in your hands. the silence is deafening.
CRASH! you hear the sound of glass breaking from the attic upstairs, and a cold sweat starts to trickle down your neck.
the voice:

what will you do now?

[1] go to the cellar. ___ [2] run outside.


you retreat to the depths of the cellar, never once looking behind you.
the darkness down here is piercing. you fumble around in the pockets of your ragged coat and find a match. you light it.
this barren room offers little in the way of hiding spots - some empty shelves, an icebox ... a coffin? the floorboards above begin to creak.
a long time ago, this cabin belonged to an old hermit. rumor has it he never once left the woods, and died here in the house.
the coffin looms. the voice:

what will you do now?

[1] hide in the coffin. [2] hide in the icebox.

you choose the coffin. who would look in there?
the steps grow closer and you blow the match out. you crawl into the dank confines that reek of death and close your eyes.
for a moment there is utter silence. your skin starts to feel colder than usual, and the tips of your fingers go numb.
and then, a knock.

"i waited a long time for you," says the hermit. "now that you're here, let's begin."

suddenly your whole body grows cold and rigid. you feel your heart drop like a block of lead as your eyes roll back into the darkness.
a young man's cackle is the last thing you hear. DEATH!

you choose the icebox. you snuggle in with some suspicious looking meats and close the lid.
the last bit of warmth remaining in your core cries helplessly, a tiny squeal. but alas! the footsteps vanish.
in fact, you hear nothing at all. a smile freezes upon your face. minutes turn to days, days to weeks.
frozen in time, you fade into an icy oblivion. DEATH!

you venture out into the unknown, catching your breath in the brisk night air. the exterior of the humble cabin isn't much to offer.
there is a small clearing with a stump and some firewood waiting to be chopped.
in the distance is an ocean of looming trees, covered in pale lichen. 
you squint in the dying minutes of daylight and see a plume of smoke rise from beyond the branches.
the voice whispers in your ear:

what will you do now?

[1] chop firewood. ___ [2] follow smoke.

you jump to your feet and make a dash for the door, slamming it behind you. unprepared for the bitter night air, you cough raspily.
you have little wits about you, and even less time. in the distance is an ocean of looming trees, covered in moss. 
you squint in the pale moonlight and see a plume of smoke rise from beyond the branches. to the west, a glimmer of water shines through the trees. a lake.
the voice asks:

what will you do now?

[1] follow smoke. ___ [2] go to the lake.

well naturally, you decide to chop some firewood. you'll need it to stay warm on this bitter night, after all.
you scoop up a bundle of logs and get to chopping. after a bit, you bring your provisions inside and get the fire going.
the warmth is a welcome guest, and for a moment you begin to even feel a bit happy. you settle in.
the gust outside picks up - a branch snaps somewhere in the distance, falling into a murky blanket of leaves.
suddenly, as if you imagined it, a knock comes at the door. you remain absolutely still.
the voice returns:

what will you do?

[1] lock the door. ___ [2] open the door.

you decide to answer the obscure knock. lo and behold, a little boy stands before you at the door.
his ragged coat is almost as pitiful as his expression. he stammers and says, "uh... excuse me, but i saw the smoke coming from your chimney..."
he peers behind you at the glow in the fireplace. you save him the trouble and beckon him inside. after all, he's just a child.
you close the door and watch as he crawls over to the fireplace, sitting almost in the flames themselves.

"yes, yes, good," he mutters, placing his hands directly in the cinders. his skin begins to crisp and flake off like paper.

you watch in disbelief as the boy becomes engulfed in flames. he starts to grow in size, flicking embers all around him as he turns to you, grinning.

"you are too kind," he says in a deep, booming voice. you back yourself into the corner, sweat pouring down your face.
the walls around you dissolve into ash, and you succumb to the infernal heat. DEATH!

you decide to answer the obscure knock, and a sweet old lady appears at the door. a purple amulet is adorned around her neck.
she says nothing but smiles, and you beckon her inside. after all, she's just an old lady.
she sits down and starts to rub the amulet in her weathered hands. you set on a pot of tea for her; the whistling of steam fills the air.
the old lady continues to caress the amulet - her fingers are long and spindly, like the legs of a spider. they start moving on their own accord.

you rub your eyes in disbelief - she seems to be shrinking into her cloak, withering away to nothing. the whistling turns into a dull buzz.
you feel a prick at your neck and slap it, feeling a slimy crunch under your palm. you turn to the old lady and see a dark swarm in her place.

the cloak and the amulet lay in the chair, it's sheen of purple glowing brightly now. the room fills with the hive.
you back into the corner of the room but can't break from the wall; you're caught in a sickly sweet residue. 
she is the queen, and your body will become the nest. DEATH!

you head in the direction of the smoke, trying to stay on track in the deep forest. you walk for a long time.
eventually, you hear something. people talking, and laughing. you hold on to this sound, sniffing it out like a hungry dog.
you come to a clearing. in the center is a crackling fire, and sitting around it are a gaggle of people, all dressed in white.
children laugh and play; men and women talk. you enter the circle, and they all stare at you at once.

they stand in unison, throwing their hands up. "we welcome you, angel," they sing. two children come to your side and look up at you.
their expressions are eerily similar, like a mirror image of one another. a tall woman in the center of the circle speaks softly.

"we were expecting you, great one. shall we begin?"

the voice whispers to you:

what will you do?

[1] join them. ___ [2] flee.

"yes, let's get started," you say, not sure entirely what you are agreeing to. the people rejoice, and start dancing and kissing.
a smile flickers across your face - it's nice to be loved! the twin-like children lead you to the center of the circle.
the woman motions for you to lie down on a bed of deerskin. you relax for a moment. 
the twin children hold each of your hands and adorn you with bracelets. you close your eyes. the bracelets tighten and you drift off.

you open your eyes and find yourself paralyzed and naked. you look up and see the white-robed followers surrounding you, smiling.
you try to sit up but your arms and legs are secured by thick vines around your wrists and ankles. the tall woman says,

"god has brought us an angel for the feast of the moon. let us enjoy the fruits of the flesh."

she wields a sickly cleaver and begins to open you up. the children eat first. DEATH!

you were certainly not expecting them. you laugh nervously, backing up, before making a break for it.
you never look back, heading deeper into the woods. eventually, the soil turns sandy and you find yourself at the edge of a giant lake.
you catch your breath in the briny air, feeling a moment of relief. you see a light in the distant fog. you go towards it.
a weathered dock leads out a ways into the water, and the light gets bigger and bigger. at the end of the dock, there is an old man holding a lantern.
his salty face is weathered with scars. a rowboat bobs up and down in the water. he nods to you.

"where are you heading, traveler?"

you're not sure, you tell him. anywhere away from these damned woods. he laughs.

"i can take you away," he says, and motions to the boat. the dark waters beckon in the moonlight. the voice:

what will you do?

[1] go with the old man. ___ [2] go for a swim.

you accept his offer. why the hell not. he unmoors his boat and the two of you set off.
he says little on your journey, but that's okay. you're exhausted. you doze off.
you wake up hours later, the blare of sunlight forcing your eyes open.

"aye," says the old man. "we're here."

you look around and see familiar faces on the shore, waving to you. you jump out of the boat and embrace them.
your dear sister, and your beloved friends. but a strange feeling washes over you. it can't be. they're all gone, died long ago in the epidemic.
you hold them in your arms but they feel lighter than air. a cold stench fills your nostrils. you turn to the old man, only to see him rowing back into the fog.

UNKNOWN FATE.

"no, thanks" you say. the old man shrugs. "i'd rather go for a swim," you say. he looks at you, bewildered.

"suit yourself," he says. you dive into the icy cold water, plunging into the darkness. hypothermia sets in and you immediately die. DEATH!








